.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OSCAN" "1" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
ohubd \- optikus monitoring and control daemon.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBohubd\fR [OPTIONS]\&...
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBohubd\fR daemon performs monitoring and control of back\-end agents.
.sp
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Location of the common config file (default:
\fI$OPTIKUS_HOME/etc/ocommon.ini\fR
or from where the program was started).
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-logfile\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Log to given file (default: from config).
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-domain\fR=\fIDOMAIN\fR
Current domain to work on (default: from config).
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-pidfile\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Save program ID to the given file (default: from config).
.TP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-test\-pforms\fR
Test address resolution.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
Listen at the given port (default: from config or
\fI3217\fR).
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR=\fILEVEL\fR
Sets numeric verbosity level.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help and exit.
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "AUTHOR"
Written by Victor Semizarov, <vitkinet@gmail.com>
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: http://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc/
.sp
Main web site: http://optikus.sourceforge.net/
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
