.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OSCAN" "1" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
oscan \- extracts debugging information from object files.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBoscan\fR [OPTIONS]\&...
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBoscan\fR utility extracts debugging information from object files.
.sp
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-make\fR
Action: parse new debugging information for current domain (this is the default action).
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-domain\fR=\fIDOMAIN\fR
Specific domain name for the
\fBmake\fR
action (default: from config file).
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Make even unchanged modules (default:
\fIno\fR).
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-addresses\fR
Only update addresses (default: also parse debug info).
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-human\-readable\fR
Create human readable representation of internal files (default:
\fIno\fR).
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-leave\-temp\fR
Leave temporary files (default:
\fIdelete\fR).
.TP
\fB\-\-sql\fR
Create the Oracle
\fIsqlplus\fR
scripts.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-auto\-pack\fR
Do not try to suppress duplicating type definitions (default:
\fIsuppress\fR).
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-warn\-duplicates\fR
Do not log warnings about duplicate entities.
.TP
\fB\-\-tatom\-statistics\fR
Evaluate statistics of different tatom cases and keep it in the
\fIdirectory_of_common_config/tatom_stats\fR
file.
.TP
\fB\-\-test\-addressing\fR
Assign virtual addresses if a symbol not found.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-show\-progress\fR
Show progress indicator when parsing (default:
\fIno\fR).
.TP
\fB\-\-progress\-step\fR=\fINUM\fR
Update progress indicator every
\fINUM\fR
parsed lines (default:
\fI1000\fR).
.TP
\fB\-T\fR, \fB\-\-trace\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Dump internal structures into the trace during parsing if the file is
\fIlog\fR
then dump trace into log (default: no trace).
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Dump log to the given file (default: from config).
.TP
\fB\-\-reset\-log\fR
Reset log file at startup (default:
\fIappend\fR).
.TP
\fB\-E\fR, \fB\-\-enable\-control\fR
Enable invoking
\fBocontrol\fR
(default: from config file).
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-parse\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Action: test parsing of objdump output from given file.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-resolve\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Action: test address resolution using the given
\fIPSV\fR
file.
.TP
\fB\-\-options\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Read options from
\fIFILE\fR.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Alternate path to the common config file (default:
\fIocommon.ini\fR
from
\fI$OPTIKUS_HOME/etc\fR
or from where the program was started).
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version and configuration data and exit.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help and exit.
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: http://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc/
.sp
Main web site: http://optikus.sourceforge.net/
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
