.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHDISCONNECT" "3" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchDisconnect \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBoret_t owatchDisconnect (void)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Disconnects from the \fBohub\fR server. All operations waiting for the hub will be canceled. Note, that if a disconnect is not explicitly commanded by this routine but happens due to a hub restart or a network failure, the operations are not canceled. In such cases the library records waiting operations, repeats attempts to connect to the hub and after successful connection the library re\-registers data monitors and completes the operations. The user, however, can cancel these operations explicitly via \fBowatchCancelOp()\fR.
.sp
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns \fIOK\fR, if the connection was established. If the connection was not estableshed or not initialized, returns \fIERROR\fR.
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
