.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHWORK" "3" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchWork \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBoret_t owatchWork (int \fR\fB\fItimeout_msec\fR\fR\fB)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This function checks for timer or socket events and handles them, probably calling user callback functions.
.sp
.TP 3
\(bu
If the argument is
\fIOWATCH_NOWAIT\fR, the function does not block and handles only ready events.
.TP
\(bu
If the argument is
\fIOWATCH_FOREVER\fR, the function waits for a next event and returns after handling it.
.TP
\(bu
If the argument is a positive integer, the function waits for events for the duration of the given number of milliseconds and handles them, if any (blocking behavior with fixed duration).
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
The function returns \fIERROR\fR if the library is not initialized, or the argument is negative and is not \fIOWATCH_FOREVER\fR. Otherwise, the function returns \fIOK\fR.
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
