.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHCOMMIT" "3" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchCommit \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBowop_t owatchCommit (void)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This routine initiates the process of committing all the data modification requests buffered in subjects. The actual commit operation will not start until all previous commits get completed. Server and subjects together pick the actual modifications commit time as a nearest possible time after completion of the previous commits that satisfies system level constraints of the server and the involved subjects. The user application can proceed with the next invocations of \fBowatchWriteXXX()\fR immediately after this routine returns, i.e. before the current commit completes, but new modifications will be commited only by the next commit operation.
.sp
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Since the current library version supports only the \fBauto commit\fR mode, this routine always returns \fIOWOP_ERROR\fR.
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
