.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHREADASLONG" "3" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchReadAsLong \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBlong owatchReadAsLong (const char *\fR\fB\fIdesc\fR\fR\fB, int \fR\fB\fItimeout\fR\fR\fB, int *\fR\fB\fIerr_code\fR\fR\fB)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The routine performs single data sample reading from a monitored subject. On success the routine returns value of the sample converted to the long integer type. If the data sample has single or data float type, the conversion truncates the number. If the data sample is a string, the system attempts to treat the string as containing a decimal number. In case of failure (data sample not found by description or the data sample is string and cannot be converted to number or subject does not respond before the \fItimeout\fR deadline or a system error occurs), the routine returns \fB0\fR and sets \fIerr_code\fR appropriately.
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
