.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHCOMMITAT" "3" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchCommitAt \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBowop_t owatchCommitAt (long \fR\fB\fIvtu_time\fR\fR\fB)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This routine schedules committing of buffered modification requests at the time given by the \fIvtu_time\fR argument and expressed in \fBvirtual time units\fR. The involved subjects obey the requested commit time constrained by the precision of their system clocks. The asynchronous commit operation will fail if at least one subject cannot receive all the modification requests before the given time. Calling \fBowatchCommitAt()\fR with argument which is less than one of previous values of the same argument or is less than the current virtual domain time, makes the routine immediately return with \fIOWOP_ERROR\fR.
.sp
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Since the current library version supports only the auto_commit mode, this routine always returns \fIOWOP_ERROR\fR.
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
