.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHREADASSTRING" "3" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchReadAsString \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBchar * owatchReadAsString (const char *\fR\fB\fIdesc\fR\fR\fB, int \fR\fB\fItimeout\fR\fR\fB, int *\fR\fB\fIerr_code\fR\fR\fB)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The routine performs single data sample reading from a monitored subject. On success the routine returns value of the sample converted as a string. Numeric data samples are converted into decimal fixed\-point format. String data samples are passed as is. The returned string is dynamically allocated by the library and should be later freed by application by means of the standard C library \fBfree()\fR routine. In case of failure (data sample not found by description or subject does not respond before deadline or a system error occurs), the routine returns \fBNULL\fR pointer and sets \fIerr_code\fR appropriately.
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
