.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHINIT" "3" "12/22/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchInit \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBoret_t owatchInit(const char *\fR\fB\fIclient_name\fR\fR\fB)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Initializes the library and set the reference \fIclient_name\fR. Sets the library parameter \fIasync_timeout\fR to \fIOWATCH_NOWAIT\fR. Sets the \fIauto_commit\fR library parameter to \fITRUE\fR. Must be called before any other library routine. Called several times in a row, the routine resets previous initializations (i.e. the behavior is \fBFIXME\fR non\-recursive).
.sp
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns \fIERROR\fR if \fIclient_name\fR is null or empty, on memory allocation errors and other system failures. On success returns \fIOK\fR.
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
