.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHGETFILEHANDLES" "3" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchGetFileHandles \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBoret_t owatchGetFileHandles (int *\fR\fB\fIfile_handle_buf\fR\fR\fB, int *\fR\fB\fIbuf_size_ptr\fR\fR\fB)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The library internally uses sockets for interaction with the data hub. One can call \fBowatchWork()\fR to wait for events on the socket descriptors. However, if a user program has to wait for events on other file descriptors, a combined select\-wait operation is required, and the program needs to know the \fIwatch\fR socket descriptors. This routine fills the \fIfile_handle_buf\fR array by numbers of the internal socket descriptors. The \fIbuf_size\fR variable referenced by the second argument should contain maximum number of descriptors the array can hold without overflow.
.sp
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
If the size is enough, the array will be filled by descriptors, the function will put their number in the variable pointed to by \fIbuf_size_ptr\fR and return \fIOK\fR. If the array would overflow, the function will return \fIERROR\fR and put the required minimum array size in \fI*buf_size_ptr\fR. If first or second argument is a null pointer, the function immediately returns \fIERROR\fR.
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
