.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "OWATCHGETALIVE" "3" "12/17/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
owatchGetAlive \- ...
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB#include <optikus/watch.h>\fR
.sp
\fBbool_t owatchGetAlive (const char *\fR\fB\fIsubject_name\fR\fR\fB)\fR;
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This function returns status of the subject with the \fIsubject_name\fR name. \fITRUE\fR means the subject is online, \fIFALSE\fR \(em offline.
.sp
The function accepts three special subject names: "\fB*\fR" (asterisk), "\fB+\fR" (plus sign) and "\fB?\fR" (question mark).
.sp
For the virtual "\fB?\fR" subject the routine returns \fITRUE\fR if the library was initialized. The virtual "\fB*\fR" subject reflects connection of the library with the \fBohub\fR server. For the virtual "\fB+\fR" subject the function returns \fITRUE\fR when all subjects registered by the domain with the status of "permanent" are online (the domain is complete), and \fIFALSE\fR when at least one such subject is offline (incomplete domain).
.sp
.SH "BUGS"
See the Optikus distribution BUGS file.
.sp
.SH "RESOURCES"
SourceForge: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/asciidoc\fR
.sp
Main web site: \fIhttp://optikus.sourceforge.net\fR
.sp
.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (C) 2006\-2007 vitki.net. The Optikus library is free software. You can redistribute and/or modify it under the the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
.sp
